>> Brian Holt: Now, starting with Redux.
React and Redux are often mentioned in
the same sentence, to the point that there
are many people that don't really
know where the two separate, right?
I have consulted too many companies,
they just said well,
we used React, so we used Redux, right?
And they just thought the two just
are married together and just go together.
That is not the case,
that is definitely not the case.
You should almost never start
a project with Redux out of the box.
Unless you have very specific requirements
that need Redux out of the box,
I would suggest start with just
pure React and go until it hurts.
And then once it hurts, go back and
refactor and introduce Redux.
You're gonna see in just
a second why I say that.
When you add Redux to a project,
it greatly increases the complexity
of the flow of data within your app.
The reason why it's good is it makes it
very predictable how your data flows,
it makes it very testable how
your data mutates, right?
These are desirable things, but
it goes from as easy as saying,
set state would just react and
that's the end of mutating data.
You have to go through now five or
six steps instead of one step.
That should give you pause, I think.
So there are benefits, but
it's a trade off, there are downsides and
they're pretty big
downsides in my opinion.
>> Brian Holt: So people accuse me of
hating on Redux or anything like that.
I actually think Redux is
a marvel of engineering.
I think it's a really cool library,
but it's difficult.
When you throw these brand new developers,
or people who are new to JavaScript,
or things like that,
it caches them up like pretty bad.
And you can end up with kind of a mess
of a code base because you have a bunch
of people contributing to a repo that
don't really know how write it very well.
Redux requires a bit
of discipline as well.
So let's talk about what React or
Redux is at its core.
It's a central data store for
your entire repo.
It's as if you had one React state for
That's kind of the gist
of what it does for you.
Why is this appealing?
Well, if you remember from when we talked
about context in the previous course.
It's very convenient if you have multiple
different components reading from the same
data store.
So if you have user data, right,
if the user logs in and has their name and
address and email, and you need to
use that on the settings page, and
nav header, because you show
them their email and avatar.
And you're reading this data all over
your application, it's really convenient
to have some sort of data store
that you can read from, right?
And you don't have to pass
those props everywhere.
So if you have problems like that,
that's something that Redux can
definitely help you out with.
However, people get a little tempted
to throw everything into Redux.
I've even seen applications where
they've out logged using React state.
That is a terrible idea, and you've messed
up the entire reason for using React, and
honestly you shouldn't even use
React at that point, in my opinion.
That is a giant mistake,
to put everything in Redux.
So again, Redux can be helpful, but
it needs to be well architected and
it has to have a lot of
discipline around it.
>> Brian Holt: Another reason why I
like Redux is it's extremely testable.
It's testable at multiple
different levels.
And any time you can have tests around
mutating data, that is key, whereas I was
kind of low on testing in the testing
module for the React components.
If you're doing Redux, test everything,
top to bottom, right, tons, and tons, and
tons of tests.
If you're not writing tests for
Redux, you're not using it properly.
And Redux takes a lot of care to
make every step of the process very,
very testable.
Honestly it's probably the most
compelling reason to use it.
>> Brian Holt: Lastly, the debugging
story on Redux is pretty great.
We're gonna get into that at
the end of this module here, but
let me just give you a little teaser
of the phrase time travel debugging.
That's amazing, and we'll get there,
and I'll show you, and
it's gonna just [SOUND] blow your mind.
Okay,
>> Brian Holt: So
when you're doing React and you have React
State Management, it's pretty simple.
You call setState, and
you let React rerender, and
that is just the endless cycle of calling
setState and letting it rerender.
And that's a contract by now you
should hopefully understand.
With Redux we add a lot
more to this process.
So let me walk you
through some steps here.
User types in an input box,
that calls an action creator
to get a well formed action.
That action is then dispatched to Redux.
Redux then inserts that action to a route
reducer, the root reducer delegates
that action to another correct
reducer to handle that sort of action.
That reduce returns a new state,
and given the old state and
the action object,
the new state becomes a storage state and
then that is fed back into React and
calls for us to update with React.
So I have that here as eight steps,
as opposed to one step with React.
And I'm being a little generous, too,
because if you have anything asynchronous
about it, it gets to be more,
or if you have to dispatch multiple
actions, it can get a little crazy.
>> Brian Holt: But each one of those steps
that I just outlined for you is testable,
and that's pretty cool.
>> Brian Holt: So this is kind of
the thing that we're gonna get into.
So you're gonna have kind of multiple
different concepts thrown at you all at
once, cuz the unfortunate truth of this
is you have to set up a lot of the,
kind of infrastructure around
this to get it to work.